docs: remove global install instructions and tweak with package scripts (#11556)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/tutorial/part-zero/index.md

> 💡 You will not need to know Git to complete this tutorial, but it is a very useful tool. If you are interested in learning more about version control, Git, and GitHub, check out GitHub's [Git Handbook](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/).

## Using the Gatsby CLI

The Gatsby CLI tool lets you quickly create new Gatsby-powered sites and run commands for developing Gatsby sites. It is a published npm package. Rather than installing the Gatsby CLI tool locally you can run it using [npx](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx)

> 

Reviewer: Maybe keep this? But tweak the language, e.g.

> If you are unable to successfully use due to a permissions issue...

Author: Ok. Will it be confusing / unnecessary to explain how to install the CLI tool globally and verify the installation if we never use it?

All the other changes lead to a locally installed CLI never being used because it is always run via npx.

Author: Also thanks for your patience. A few sloppy bits of work in there. If you have any feedback on overall PR process definitely keen for your thoughts. First one for me so I'm muddling my way through a bit.

Author: True. I guess the same issues could still occur using npx.

> 

Reviewer: I think we'll want to keep these validation steps, or at least provide some way to illustrate that something worked!

Author: Since we aren't installing the CLI globally these verifications won't do anything.

Maybe after the project is generated we could verify the gatsby version in the project dir?

3.  Run `cd hello-world`.
+ Run `npx gatsby --version` .  <--- something like this?
4.  Run `gatsby develop`.
4.  Run `npm run develop`.

It might be overkill though? If `npx gatsby new project-name` doesn't work then the project won't be generated which should be fairly obvious.

To see the commands available to run `npx gatsby --help`.

## Create a Gatsby site

> Lets use the Gatsby CLI tool to create your first Gatsby site. Using the tool, you can download “starters” (partially built sites with some default configuration) to help you get moving faster on creating a certain type of site. The “Hello World” starter you’ll be using here is a starter with the bare essentials needed for a Gatsby site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are ready to use the Gatsby CLI tool to create your first Gatsby site. Using the tool, you can download “starters” (partially built sites with some default configuration) to help you get moving faster on creating a certain type of site. The “Hello World” starter you’ll be using here is a starter with the bare essentials needed for a Gatsby site.
```
